
0. How many different colors does MP, GIF, JPEG, and PNG format support?

BMP - 16 million collors, GIF - 256 collors, JPEG - 16 million colors, PNG - 256 teracolors.


1. Which of these formats supports animation?

GIF supports animation.


2. What’s the difference between lossy and lossless compression?

Lossy compression eliminate "unnecessary" bits of information, tailoring the file so that it is smaller. 
Lossless compression lets you recreate the original file exactly. Lossless compression breaks a file into 
a "smaller" form for transmission or storage and then puts it back together on the other end so it can be used again. 

  
3. Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?

JPEG is lossy-compressed.


4. What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?

When a file is deleted on a FAT file system: first,  the system modifies the filename's first character in the file's 
directory entry to signal that the file has been deleted and that the directory entry can be recycled, second, the 
system moves all of the file's FAT clusters to the hard drive's list of free clusters. The actual file data is never touched.  


5. What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?

I could use free sanitazation tools, which are available online.


6. What’s stdint.h?

The <stdint.h> header declares sets of integer types having specified widths, and define corresponding sets of macros and 
macros that specify limits of integer types corresponding to types defined in other standard headers.


7. What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?

It makes clear that you intend to use the data a specific way. uint24_t means an integer that is exactly 24 bits wide.


8. How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively? (Assume a 32-bit architecture like the CS50 Appliance.)

BYTE is 1 byte, DWORD is 4 bytes, LONG is 4 bytes, WORD is 2 bytes.


9. What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? (Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers.)"

The first two bytes of the BMP file format are the character 'B' then the character 'M' in 1-byte ASCII encoding, which specifies the file type.


10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?

bfSize specifies the size, in bytes, of the bitmap file and biSize specifies the size of the structure in bytes.


11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?

If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB and its origin is the upper-left corner.


12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?

The biBitCount member of the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure determines the number of bits that define each pixel and the maximum 
number of colors in the bitmap.


13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?

fopen might return null, if the operating system is out of memory or if we try to open a file in a directory for which we 
didn't have the proper permissions.

14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?

In the function fread() 1 represents a number of objects. Since there is just only 1 object is used every time once passed 
into the function, the number is always 1 (ex. BITMAPFILEHEADER, BITMAPINFOHEADER, etc.).


15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?

padding =  (4 - (bi.biWidth * sizeof(RGBTRIPLE)) % 4) % 4 = (4 - (3 * 3) % 4) % 4 = (4 - 1) % 4 = 3.


16. What does fseek do?

The function fseek() sets the file position data for the given stream. In copy.c fseek(inptr, padding, SEEK_CUR) skeeps over the padding.


17. What is SEEK_CUR?

SEEK_CUR  is the value defined in stdio.h specifies that the offset provided seek is relative to the current location.


18. Whodunit?

Milo Bana dun it.
